Tutorial URL - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ8MI2EF27Q&list=PL_euSNU_eLbfmDxRw-Gx45ow5MtBAM3YS

Topics:

1. What is NoSQL? Understand the concept of NoSQL Not Only SQL - MongoDB
2. Explain CAP Theorem Consistency, Availability and the Partition Tolerance - MongoDB
3. Different types of noSQL databases like Document, wide-column store, key-value, graph - MongoDB
4. Advantages of using the Document Database - MongoDB
5. Why we need to use MongoDB over the document databases and its advantages - MongoDB
6. Difference between the JSON and BSON Documents and the terms with SQL and MongoDB - MongoDB
7. Install and run MongoDB Community Server in the Windows Local Machine - MongoDB
8. Create Database and insert the document in the collections by using insertOne command - MongoDB
9. Update and Delete single and multiple documents in a collection - MongoDB
10. Difference between Update, UpdateOne, UpdateMany, replaceOne queries and its filters - MongoDB
11. Mongodb Cursor and how it is useful for iterating documents using find method- MongoDB
12. Get specified fields in documents using projection and also adding embedded documents - MongoDB
13. Different types of schema like Structured, Semi-Structured, Unstructured documents - MongoDB
14. Different types of Data types available in the mongodb for creating Document- MongoDB
15. Creating a Document in Collection using different Data Types like Date, string, number - MongoDB
16. Understanding One to One Relationship and create Collection with example- MongoDB
17. Scenario when to use One to Many Relationship with Embedded Documents in best way - MongoDB
18. Implement Subset Pattern in the one to many Relationship for the documents - MongoDB
19. Understand Model One to Many Relationship with Document References - MongoDB
20. Many to Many relationship with reference in Documents - MongoDB
21. Implement Many to Many Relationship with Embedded Documents - MongoDB
22. Join two collections using aggregate method lookup to get details - MongoDB
23. Implement Schema Validation for a collection using $jsonSchema Validator - MongoDB
24. Update the Schema Validation for an existing Collection using db.runCommand - MongoDB
25. Working with the comparison operators like $eq, $ne, $gt, $gte, $lt, $lte - MongoDB
26. Querying the embedded documents and also arrays using the $in and $nin operator - MongoDB
27. Logical Operators $or and $nor operator for applying OR condition in the find method - MongoDB
28. Understand And Operator, Not Operator Logical Operators for querying documents - MongoDB
29. Learn Element Query Operators like $exists & $type Operator to find field in document - MongoDB
30. Evaluation Operator $expr and $regex operators for querying the documents - MongoDB
31. Use $expr operator with $cond to query the documents with condition - MongoDB
32. Querying the Arrays of embedded documents - MongoDB
33. Array Query Operators like $size Operator and $all Operator for the array documents - MongoDB
34. $elemMatch Array Query Operator for querying the array of embedded Documents - MongoDB
35. Find Query Cursor and its methods like Sort, Skip and Limit Methods - MongoDB
36. Using Projection to select Particular fields and also arrays using elemMatch, $, $slice- MongoDB
37. updateOne and updateMany method to update the documents using $set - MongoDB
38. Update Method Field Operators $inc and $min Operators - MongoDB
39. Update Operators like $min, $max, $unset, $rename, $mul to update the documents - MongoDB
40. Understanding Upsert parameter in UpdateOne Method to insert or update document - MongoDB
41. Updating only the matched Array Elements in the document - MongoDB
42. Update all the elements in the array of a document field using $[] - MongoDB
43. Update only the Specified fields in the Array Elements of the matched Documents - MongoDB
44. Add Unique elements into the array document using $addToSet operator & $each modifier - MongoDB
45. Add Duplicate elements in the array using Push Operator with sort, slice modifier - MongoDB
46. Remove Particular elements in an Array of document using Pop and Pull operator - MongoDB
47. MongoDB Indexes. Apply Single Field Index to the document to increase query execution - MongoDB
48. Single Field Indexes, Its advantages & disadvantages of using it in document fields - MongoDB
49. Create Compound Index and apply it for the multiple fields in the document - MongoDB
50. Create Unique Index for the documents to add the unique data for a field - MongoDB
51. Understand and apply the Partial Filter Expression to the documents - MongoDB
52. Create TTL Indexes for deleting the expired documents using expireAfterSeconds - MongoDB
53. Multi Key Indexes. Create Index for arrays & embedded documents. Compound Index arrays - MongoDB
54. Text Index. Apply Indexes for the Text field in the document - MongoDB
55. Create Combined Text Indexes for multiple keys in document and excluding words in Text - MongoDB
56. What is GeoJson Data. Adding Geo Spatial Data to store the places in the document - MongoDB
57. Run Geo Spatial Query using $near operator to get nearby locations. Add Index for data - MongoDB
58. Finding Places that are within certain area or Polygon using $geoWIthin operator - MongoDB
59. Finding particular Point or coordinate is present in certain area using $geoIntersects - MongoDB
60. Introduction to Aggregation Framework Operations to process multiple documents. - MongoDB
61. Aggregation Pipeline stages $match and $group operations to filter and group documents - MongoDB
62. Working with $Project Aggregation Operator to pipeline the specific fields - MongoDB
63. Understand $unwind aggregation Pipeline to deconstruct the document array elements - MongoDB
64. Using $unwind aggregation pipeline to push the unique array elements from document - MongoDB
65. Understand $bucket Aggregation Pipeline to add boundaries for grouping documents - MongoDB


